
- Forums for students to talk and learn about sustainability

- University of British Columbia "The university has a website dedicated to sustainability,
where students can find out more about what the university is doing to be more sustainable, 
upcoming events, tips on how to be more environmentally friendly
-----------> and student groups on climate action. 

-"The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill’s sustainability programme, 
the Three Zeros Environment Initiative, was established in 2016. The initiative aims to reduce
the campus environmental footprint in three ways: 
net zero water,
zero waste to landfills
and net zero greenhouse gases.
---------> The university marks its progress across these goals on the programme’s website.

-University at Buffalo "Some of these measures include introducing a car-sharing programme for staff and students
and encouraging students to use other modes of transport,
to offer students environmentally-themed courses
and incorporate sustainability into all courses across the curriculum. 

-Energy efficiency

-University of Waterloo

The Interdisciplinary 
Centre for Climate Change at the University of Waterloo has developed a number of initiatives 
that involve students in the climate change conversation. 

The Climate Students Group brings
together students across study levels and disciplines
to discuss and act on climate change. 

-Greener and more energy efficient campus




-Times Higher Education methodology for ranking universities in terms of climate action:


1. Research on climate action (27%)

    Proportion of papers in the top 10 per cent of journals as defined by Citescore (10%)
    Field-weighted citation index of papers produced by the university (10%)
    Number of publications (7%) 

This focuses on research that is relevant to climate action. 
The field-weighted citation index is a subject-normalised score of the citation performance of publications.

The data are provided by Elsevier’s Scopus dataset, based on a query of keywords associated with SDG 13 (climate action). It includes all indexed publications between 2013 and 2017. The data are normalised across its range using z-scoring. 


2. Low-carbon energy use (26.9%)

This measures the amount of renewable and low-carbon energy used by the institution. 
It refers to the gigajoule (GJ) of electrical energy provided by renewable or nuclear energy.

This data and evidence were provided directly by universities. 
The data are normalised across its range using z-scoring. 


3. Environmental education measures (46.1%)  (muy chidas)

    Providing local education around the impact of climate change (9.75%)
    Generating a university climate action plan (9.75%)
    Working with local or national government to address climate change planning (9.75%)
    Informing and supporting government on issues associated with climate change (8.45%)
    Collaborating with NGOs around climate change (8.4%) 

This data and evidence were provided directly by universities. 
The evidence was evaluated and scored by Times Higher Education and is not normalised.




- banning meat or, even better, making it very expensive 

-investing heavily in sustainability research

-work across interdisciplinary departments to tackle climate change.

-ensuring that students, regardless of what they are studying, 
understand about sustainable development and the climate emergency.

-putting their acres of land to good use by planting trees.”

- “Universities can play a role in hopefully informing people, informing governments, informing policy, 

-The results showed that many universities in the country showed improvements in
teaching and learning in 
the ‘sustainable development education’ section, 
but government hinderance may be delaying their efforts.

- WUR also produces
its own 
renewable energy through windmills, solar panels and other methods, 
meaning that in 2017 104 percent of the energy consumed on campus was through sustainable methods.

-Wageningen (WUR)  measures its carbon footprint every year 
(with recent figures indicating the university halved its carbon footprint between 2010 and 2017).

-University of Nottingham
The university also encourages students to get involved with sustainability in various ways,
from Student SwitchOffs (with the student hall of residence that saves the most energy winning a party 
and Ben & Jerry’s ice cream), to the campus-wide ‘WasteNott’ campaign which aims to halve the amount of
hot drink single-use cups used on campus by August 2020, in response to a student survey which found that
94 percent of students would commit to using reusable cups. The university is also installing more water fountains, 
replacing plastic straws with paper ones and offering a discount on hot drinks when people bring their own cup.

- "When college campuses engage in the green movement, they not only reduce energy waste and increase utility bill savings,
they also invest in the future by encouraging their students 
to become leaders and activists with a genuine interest and concern for the world.

-Only signatories of the Presidents’ Climate Leadership Commitments are part of the Climate Leadership Network.
The costs needed to meet the requirements of the Commitments, such as measuring emissions, creating and implementing 
a climate action plans, will vary between schools and over time. However, there is considerable
evidence and many case-studies that demonstrate attractive returns on investment for emissions reduction activities.

the potential costs of delays and inaction are far higher than any opportunity costs
associated with foresighted, proactive investments today. Efforts to reduce GHG emissions and increase resilience 
should be viewed as investments, not costs, 
as they improve quality of life and the educational experience, and avoid long-term costs. 

-http://www.intentionalendowments.org/roadmap
This Roadmap guides investors through key steps toward creating intentionally designed endowments 
– those that look to align investment practices with institutional mission through sustainable investing (SI),
which includes explicitly considering long-term environmental, social, and governance issues in the investment process
